CEO Cover Letter Sample
455 McCarran Avenue, Kansas City, MO 64015 | 479.668.9178 | yourmail@gmail.com
  
August 14, 2017


Jerry McKowski
Chairman – Board of Directors
Capital Industries 
590 Edison Way
Kansas City, MO 64138
Dear Jerry,

With years of success in the industry, I am ready to join Capital Industries as your next CEO. I have a track record of identifying growth opportunities in the cloud computing industry over the past 15 years. I am seeking to leverage my exceptional company management, capital fundraising, and software application engineering abilities in a new challenge. I work well with established, talented teams to spearhead new markets.

As Chairman and CEO of Century Industries, I am responsible for providing the visionary leadership for a $10.5 million technology company offering a cloud-based Platform as a Service (PaaS) for the natural gas industry in the Midwest. My hands-on ability to work with clients in the field resulting in numerous successful partnerships.

Please review a list of my career highlights:

?	Co-Founder and President/CEO of CloudOne, a specialized Quality of Service (QoS) Platform using PaaS business model with $35 million in total revenue – negotiated $50 million exit with Amazon Web Services.

?	Grew Century Industries personnel from 50 to 250 and delivered revenue growth from $6 million to $10.4 million.

?	Expanded market share for Intraserve, Inc. data access service from 30 percent to 45 percent over two years, increasing profit margins by 40 percent, with higher quality services.

I researched into the background of Capital Industries after our initial discussions about the role. With a new market strategy, your engineers and sales teams will be a great foundation to begin creating new products. I am ready to lead Capital Industries to new heights of success.

I look forward to scheduling an interview at your earliest convenience. Please call 479.668.9178 or email me at yourname@gmail.com. Thank you for your consideration.


Sincerely,
Your Name
